Open Agent Console from the Service Desk group in the sidebar.
p02
One screen, three panes.
p03
The queue on the left,
p04
the live conversation in the middle,
p05
the customer's details on the right.
p06
No tab-hopping while someone waits on you.
p07
Up in the header, your presence.
p08
It reads Offline right now, and it can be Available, Away, Busy, or Offline.
p09
This is how the desk knows whether you're ready for a contact.
p10
Leave it where your shift set it; we don't touch it here.
p11
Look at the top of the queue.
p12
Three numbers give you the load at a glance:
p13
how many are waiting, the average wait, and how many are flagged high priority.
p14
All zero now.
p15
A calm board.
p16
There's a search box over the queue.
p17
Type a name, a phone number, a plan, or the reason for the handoff, and the list narrows to it.
p18
On a busy shift, that's how you pull one contact out of a crowd.
p19
Three buttons scope the queue.
p20
Mine is yours.
p21
Unassigned is up for grabs.
p22
Team is the whole group's board.
p23
Right now it's set to Team, so you're seeing everything, not only your own.
p24
Below that, the channels.
p25
All,
p26
then Voice,
p27
S-M-S, and Web.
p28
Those last three are the ways a customer reaches you, and All shows them together.
p29
Remember the three:
p30
voice, text,
p31
and web chat.
p32
Open the sort control.
p33
You can work the queue longest wait first, priority first, or most recent first.
p34
Longest wait first is the fair choice;
p35
it clears whoever has been holding the longest.
p36
Close it without changing anything.
p37
Under the filters, the queue itself.
p38
It says no matching handoffs, because nothing is waiting.
p39
When a contact comes in, its row shows up right here for you to pick up.
p40
The middle is empty too.
p41
Select a handoff from the queue, it says, to open its console.
p42
That's the cue.
p43
You click a waiting row, and the conversation loads into this space.
p44
And on the right, the Customer panel.
p45
No conversation selected, for now.
p46
Once you open one, this is where the customer's context sits, so you're never guessing who you're helping.
p47
So why is it all empty?
p48
The queue fills when the AI Agent hands a conversation to a person.
p49
Those escalations land right here, in the Handoff Queue.
p50
The agent side of that is a later lesson; for now, know this is where a handed-off customer waits for you.
p51
One screen, three panes.
p52
The queue you scope by who owns it and by channel,
p53
the console that opens the conversation,
p54
and the customer's context beside it.
p55
Your presence lives in the header, and you leave it alone unless your shift changes.
p56
That's the Agent Console.